actually to do that you know there is
kind of volume here in the body of this
rabbit then we need something to
replenish this and be able later to take
it off without deforming the shape I
choose this but you can have anything
there one of the things that you have to
do whatever you choose the base is like
rough with with paper because the paper
is going to stick into the clay then it
will be more easy to remove whatever you
put there as a support normally all the
Clay's figurines then they require like
a structure this is going to be over
structure but we have to put this away
after we make the model that's a little
bit challenge but one of the things that
we are going to you why not right now
sorry is to trap these slabs to that
base in order to make the body maybe we
are going to start like this because
body is going to be at least that long
then let's see
now you can see that we have to melt the
two pieces together okay that's very
important to have later a solid a
structure and figuring okay then we know
that here now we have like the base of
the body already here
and you can this it goes like this
of course we have to add more more
material here and try to go little bit
down maybe when I'm going to go that
down because our structure means this
tire form that we use it's quite big we
don't want that been shown you know
because okay that's that's okay
now we have more or less the body
structure here